- Does real-time drone-based sensing and fire growth prediction sound feasible and practically useful? Yes, this will become increasingly important as wildfires become more common with climate change. And it could save lives. - John Ayers, PhD. Chair of Vanderbilt University Dept. of Earth and Environmental Sciences (2011-2014); Professor, Vanderbilt University Dept. of Civil and Environmental Engineering; Professor, Vanderbilt University Dept. of Earth and Environmental Sciences
- - Has real-time drone-based sensing to update a live fire model been explored seriously in practice, or does most work in this space remain simulation-based: yes-but I am under NDA - Terek Zohdi, PhD. Associate Dean for Research, UC Berkley College of Engineering; Will C. Hall Endowed Chair; Chair of the UCB Computational & Data Science & Engineering Program; Faculty Director, Richmond Field Station; Professor of Mechanical Engineering; [Director, Fire Research Group](https://frg.berkeley.edu/)
- - Given how deeply you have thought about what drones are capable of, what is the one capability you would most want to see a system like ours leverage: I teach a class on all the possibilities-they are endless. - Terek Zohdi, PhD. Associate Dean for Research, UC Berkley College of Engineering; Will C. Hall Endowed Chair; Chair of the UCB Computational & Data Science & Engineering Program; Faculty Director, Richmond Field Station; Professor of Mechanical Engineering; [Director, Fire Research Group](https://frg.berkeley.edu/)
- "Thanks for reaching out. Your project sounds interesting, but it's hard to answer these questions without knowing the details of your project. I suggest you reach out to Prof. Lin Meng at EES department (lin.meng@vanderbilt.edu) or Hussam Mahmoud (hussam.mahmoud@vanderbilt.edu) at CES if you really want to talk about details of your project and get feedback. Both study wildfire modeling in the U.S."